"It’s just pathetic to give up on something before you even give it a shot." – Reiko Mikami
"The world isn’t perfect. But it’s there for us, doing the best it can... that’s what makes it so damn beautiful." – Roy Mustang
"If you win, you live. If you lose, you die. If you don’t fight, you can’t win." – Shingeki No Kyojin
"I’m not stupid. I’m just too lazy to show how smart I am." – Oreki Houtarou
"Knowing you’re different is only the beginning. If you accept these differences you’ll be able to get past them and grow even closer." – Miss Kobayashi
"To know sorrow is not terrifying. What is terrifying is to know you can’t go back to happiness you could have." – Matsumoto Rangiku
"The true measure of a shinobi is not how he lives but how he dies. It’s not what they do in life but what they did before dying that proves their worth." – Jiraiya
"Fake people have an image to maintain. Real people just don’t care." – Hachiman Hikigaya
"We are all like fireworks: we climb, we shine and always go our separate ways and become further apart. But even when that time comes, let’s not disappear like a firework and continue to shine.. forever." – Hitsugaya Toshiro
"I want you to be happy. I want you to laugh a lot. I don’t know what exactly I’ll be able to do for you, but I’ll always be by your side." – Kagome
"No single thing is perfect by itself. That’s why we’re born to attract other things to make up for what we lack. I think we start walking in the right direction only after we start getting our counterparts besides us." – Itachi Uchiha
"A castle that vanishes at the first gust of wind is worthless." – Kill la Kill
"Every journey begins with a single step. We just have to have patience." – Milly Thompson
"Those who stand at the top determine what’s wrong and what’s right! This very place is neutral ground! Justice will prevail, you say? But of course, it will! Whoever wins this war becomes justice!" – Don Quixote Doflamingo
"I don’t want to conquer anything. I just think that the guy with the most freedom in this ocean is the Pirate King!" – Monkey D. Luffy
"Hard work betrays none, but dreams betray many." – Hachiman Hikigaya
"If nobody cares to accept you and wants you in this world, accept yourself and you will see that you don’t need them and their selfish ideas." – Alibaba Saluja
"Fear is not evil. It tells you what weakness is. And once you know your weakness, you can become stronger as well as kinder." – Gildarts Clive
"I want…to change things. I want to believe that anything can be changed. The moment I met you, a new world opened up for me. You see, after wandering in the darkness for so long, a light brought me happiness. It’s all thanks to you." – Chrono
"Moving on doesn’t mean you forget about things. It just means you have to accept what’s happened and continue living." – Erza Scarlet
"Do you always want to live hiding behind the mask you put up for the sake of others? You’re you, and there’s nothing wrong with that." – Ymir
"The ticket to the future is always open." – Vash The Stampede
"Whatever you lose, you’ll find it again. But what you throw away you’ll never get back." – Kenshin Himura
"If you only face forward, there is something you will miss seeing." – Vash the Stampede
"If you don’t like your destiny, don’t accept it. Instead, have the courage to change it the way you want it to be!" – Uzumaki Naruto
"Life is not a game of luck. If you wanna win, work hard." – Sora
"Fear is freedom! Subjugation is liberation! The contradiction is the truth! Those are the facts of this world! And you will all surrender to them, you pigs in human clothing!" – Satsuki Kiryuuin
"Don’t live your life making up excuses. The one making your choices is yourself!" – Mugen
"I hate perfection. To be perfect is to be unable to improve any further." – Kurotsuchi Mayuri
"If your life can change once, your life can change again." – Sanae
"Hurt me with the truth. But never comfort me with a lie." – Erza Scarlet
"I am the hope of the universe. I am the answer to all living things that cry out for peace. I am the protector of the innocent. I am the light in the darkness. I am the truth. Ally to good! Nightmare to you!" – Son Goku
"Don’t be so quick to throw away your life. No matter how disgraceful or embarrassing it may be, you need to keep struggling to find your way out until the very end." – Clare
"Knowing what it feels to be in pain, is exactly why we try to be kind to others." – Jiraiya
"You’ve got two legs and a heartbeat. What’s stopping you?" – Inuyasha
"How can you move forward if you keep regretting the past?" – Edward Elric
"It’s more important to master the cards you’re holding than to complain about the ones your opponent was dealt." – Grimsley
"Religion, ideology, resources, land, spite, love or just because… No matter how pathetic the reason, it’s enough to start a war. War will never cease to exist… reasons can be thought up after the fact… Human nature pursues strife." – Paine
"Not giving up on yourself is what’s truly important. That way you don’t end up pathetic." – Reiko Mikami
"A teacher doesn’t give up on her students just because things get tough." – Harumi Kiyama
"If you don’t take risks, you can’t create a future." – Monkey D. Luffy
"Even if I die, you keep living okay? Live to see the end of this world, and to see why it was born. Live to see why a weak girl like me ended up here… And the reason you and I met." – Sachi
"If you believe in your dreams, I will prove to you, that you can achieve your dreams just by working hard." – Rock Lee
"If you just submit yourself to fate, then that’s the end of it." – Keiichi Maebara
"Whatever you do, enjoy it to the fullest. That is the secret of life." – Rider
"Being alone is better than being with the wrong person." – L Lawliet
"I too will obtain everything that I desire. Not because someone asked me to do it, but because I know in my heart that I have something worth fighting for." – Julis Alexia Van Riessfeld
"Thinking you’re no–good and worthless is the worst thing you can do" – Nobito
"I must study lots of things or I won’t become a great person." – Kotomi Ichinose
"Sometimes I do feel like I’m a failure. Like there’s no hope for me. But even so, I’m not gonna give up. Ever!" – Izuku Midoriya
"Don’t give up, there’s no shame in falling down! The true shame is to not stand up again!" – Shintaro Midorima
"Tears are how our heart speaks when your lips cannot describe how much we’ve been hurt." – Jellal Fernandes
"If you’re gonna insist on gambling and then complain when you lose, you had better work on your game." – Hatsu Kominato
"Power comes in response to a need, not a desire. You have to create that need." – Goku
"The past is the past. We cannot indulge ourselves in memories and destroy the present." – Murata Ken
"There are no regrets. If one can be proud of one’s life, one should not wish for another chance." – Saber
"You can’t always hold on to the things that are important. By letting them go we gain something else." – Kunio Yaobi
"In our society, letting others find out that you’re a nice person is a very risky move. It’s extremely likely that someone would take advantage of that." – Hitagi Senjougahara
"You can’t win a game by doing nothing. And if someone else wins it for you then you haven’t accomplished anything. Life is the same way." – Junichirou Kagami
"It takes an Idiot do something cool, that’s why it is cool." – Fooly Cooly
"The circumstances of one’s birth are irrelevant, but it is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are." – Pokemon
"I refuse to let my fear control me anymore." – Maka Albarn
"If your life can change once, your life can change again." – Sanae Furukawa
"If you can’t find a reason to fight, then you shouldn’t be fighting." – Akame
"The best way to remove your lies is to make them come true." – Suzaku Kururugi
"You should never give up on life, no matter how you feel. No matter how badly you want to give up." – Canaan
"People who can’t throw something important away can never hope to change anything." – Armin Arlelt
"We can’t waste time worrying about the what if’s." – Ichigo Kurosaki
"You can’t sit around envying other people’s worlds. You have to go out and change your own." – Shinichi Chiaki
"No matter how hard or impossible it is, never lose sight of your goal." – Monkey D Luffy
"I don’t have any goals for the future. So long as I can get out of my home and far away, I don’t care." – Gin no Saji Silver Spoon
"Life is like a tube of toothpaste. When you’ve used all the toothpaste down to the last squeeze, that’s when you’ve really lived. Live with all your might, and struggle as long as you have a life." – Mion Sonozaki
"Fools who don’t respect the past are likely to repeat it." – Nico Robin
"That’s why I can’t make a change. Everything I do is so… Half-assed." – Hiroshi Kido
"Sometimes it’s necessary to do unnecessary things." – Kanade Jinguuji
"An excellent leader must be passionate because it’s their duty to keep everyone moving forward." – Nico Yazawa
"Protecting someone means giving them a place to belong. Giving them a place where they can be happy." – Princess Lenessia
"Having happy and beautiful memories won’t always bring you salvation. The more beautiful a memory is, the more painful it can become." – Plastic Memories
"In this world, wherever there is light – there are also shadows. As long as the concept of winners exists, there must also be losers. The selfish desire of wanting to maintain peace causes wars and hatred is born to protect love." – Madara Uchiha
"Just like games, no matter how well you have things lined up in your life, there’s always something to keep you on your toes." – Junichirou Kagami
"Do exactly as you like. That is the true meaning of pleasure. Pleasure leads to joy and joy leads to happiness." – Gilgamesh
"If you can’t do something, then don’t. Focus on what you can do." – Shiroe
"When you lose sight of your path, listen for the destination in your heart." – Allen Walker
"The moment you think of giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long." – Natsu Dragneel
"A skyscraper built within your mind will never fall down." – Kill la Kill
"The only home that a man should ever need is within his heart." – Lavi Bookman
"A dream is worth less than nothing if you don’t have someone else to share it." – Dousan Saitou
"I do not need a Heaven. However, if I must go to Heaven then please, God, do not divide Heaven in two. Please do not divide the robots from the humans." – Chiisana Hoshi yo Yume
"What you can’t accomplish alone, becomes doable when you’re with someone else." – Taichi Yaegashi
"If you turn your eyes away from sad things, they’ll happen again one day. If you keep running away, you’ll keep repeating the same mistakes. That’s why you have to face the truth straight on." – Riki Naoe
"Even if you’re weak, there are miracles you can seize with your hands if you fight on to the very end." – Uryuu Minene
"If you wanna make people dream, you’ve gotta start by believing in that dream yourself!" – Seiya Kanie
"Even if we forget the faces of our friends, We will never forget the bonds that were carved into our souls." – Otonashi Yuzuru
"Even If you’ve only got a 1% chance of winning, but you convince yourself you’re gonna lose, that 1% becomes 0%." – Lina Inverse
"It’s impossible to work hard for something you don’t enjoy." – Silica
"I have always wanted to apologize to you. I endured and lived on just for that." – Elfen Lied
"Human beings are strong because we can change ourselves." – Saitama
"People with talent often have the wrong impression that things will go as they think." – Karma Akabane
"Remember the lesson, not the disappointment." – Holo The Wise Wolf
"It is usually best to admit mistakes when they occur, and to seek to restore honor." - Uncle Iroh
"It is important to draw wisdom	from many different places" - Uncle Iroh
"It is time for you to look inwards and start asking yourself the big question: who are you and what do you want?" - Uncle Iroh
Sharing tea with a fascinating stranger is one of life's true delights." - Uncle Iroh
"Hope is something you give yourself. That is the meaning of inner strength." - Uncle Iroh
"Sometimes life is like this dark tunnel." - Uncle Iroh
"Destiny is a funny thing. You never know how things are going to work out." - Uncle Iroh
"While it is always best to believe in oneself, a little help from others can be a great blessing." - Uncle Iroh
"Pride is not the opposite of shame, but its source. True humility is the only antidote to shame." - Uncle Iroh
"Life happens wherever you are, whether you make it or not." - Uncle Iroh
"It’s not bad to dream. But you also have to consider what’s realistic." - All Might
"Whether you win or lose, looking back and learning from the experience is a part of life!" - All Might
"Those who are always aiming for the top, and those who aren’t. That slight difference in attitudes will have a big impact once you go out into society." - All Might
"It's a cruel and random world, but the chaos is all so beautiful" - Hiromu Arakawa